Hi, I'm Zach. Uh, I'm going to give you
just a quick tour of how you can set up
and customize Warp to make it work for
you. So, there's a ton of stuff you can
customize in Warp. I'm not going to be
able to show you all of it. I'm just
going to show you some of the things
that I like to customize. The first
thing that I will often customize is
Warp's theme to give it the look and
feel that I want. So, to get uh a choice
of theme, you can hit command P. You can
type themes
theme and you'll get your open theme
picker. There's a shortcut for this too
in the theme picker. It's pretty simple.
You just pick a theme and it will um
kind of show you. It'll just open up
update it for you. I like this default
one a lot. So, I'm going to I'm going to
keep that. Actually, I'll go with
phenomenon for a second now. Okay. Uh
the second thing that I like to
customize in Warp is actually where the
input is. And warp is unique in this
respect uh compared to other uh command
lines. So the the the default I actually
I don't I forget what our default is but
there's three different modes you can
have. One which I have right here is
that the input starts at the top and as
you um enter commands it kind of like uh
goes down to the bottom and then stays
there and everything scrolls above it.
This is kind of how a normal terminal or
command line works. I like it. You also
can have Warp feel a little bit more
like a like a chat interface by um
pinning the input to the bottom and that
means that it will always stay down
here. This is actually how Warp
originally launched our input and
everything flows above it. Uh I find
this to be pretty cool too. And then
there's one other very unique way of
having the input just for Warp which is
called pin input to the top which keeps
it's like it says it keeps the input at
the top and as you enter commands they
go below it. Um, I don't use this. I
find it to be kind of crazy, but it is
pretty cool. And from an ergonomic
perspective, keeps your neck in a good
spot. Okay. Now, let's say I want to
configure a bunch more stuff. What I'll
do is I'll hit command P. Again, always
think command P if you need to find
something in Warp. I'm going to type
settings. I'm going to go into our
settings here. And I'll show you a few
other things that you might want to
configure. So, one is in the AI area.
Um, if uh if you don't want to use AI at
all, it's super easy to just turn AI off
in Warp. I don't recommend it. AI is
what makes Warp super powerful. So, keep
that on. Um, there's various AI features
that you can control. I think one of the
most important things though that you'll
want to control is what are the autonomy
settings for your agent and what are the
models that it uses. So, by default,
we're going to pick what we think is the
best model for you and just happens
today. We think that's cloud for sonnet.
We have a different model that you can
use for planning. The default there
today happens to be 03. Uh this is
really important here. So you can choose
how much autonomy the agent runs with by
uh setting these different uh sort of
set um permission levels across code
diffs, file reading, planning, and man
execution. I tend to have very
permissive command execution and I like
to look at the code diffs as they're
generated. I let warp always read files.
I don't use the planning feature, but
you can tweak this to your liking. And
you can also make sure that there's
certain commands that Warp always asks
for your input on. Uh so there's an um a
deny list here. And you also can
configure the same um uh sort of setting
for all your MCP servers. So that's a
really important one. Um just going to
call out one or two other settings that
are interesting to get set up. So you to
to get the most out of Warp while
coding, you're going to want to index
your code bases. When you CD into a
codebase for the first time, Warp will
prompt you to do that, but you can also
at any time see all of your code bases
that are indexed over here. And you can
also index a new folder by clicking this
button. Um,
the teams tab will let you invite and
work with your teammates in Warp. This
is super powerful if you want to use
warp drive which is where you can store
and share um prompts,
templated commands, notebooks,
environment variables, all sorts of
stuff. I'll do a different uh session on
that. And then finally, there's all
sorts of stuff you can configure just
with look and feel of warp. So you can
find that under appearance. Um you can
customize your app icon. I find that to
be very fun. So, anyhow, tons of stuff
you can play with in here for look and
feel of warp, what font it uses, all
that stuff. There's too many to go into
right now. Uh, one last thing, you can
customize your key bindings. This is
very, very useful if you have muscle
memory. Um, you can, if you want, turn
on Vim mode for the uh for the uh
command editor. So, all sorts of stuff
you can do. Uh, give it a shot. Let us
know how it goes. Thanks.